Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Fuck!
Hey! Hey!
System's armed.
Home secured.
Welcome home. Mary.
Mary!
Jiao. what can I do for you?
One of your construction trucks
drove over my flowerbed.
Again! My hydrangeas are ruined.
It's been six months of this!
It won't happen again.
There won't be any more trucks.
I promise. They're done.
And slow down!
You drive like a crazy person.
Goodbye. Jiao!
This Diablo Killer has a type
when it comes to these murders.
Always female. always brunette.
similar heights and facial features.
He tends to relocate to a new state
after three victims.
Please. do not go into the forest alone.
I got it.
- All right.
Keep your eyes closed.
Keep '‘em closed. wait for it.
Open your eyes. Kelly.
Whoa!
Amazing. huh?
The blueprints.
the floor plans. the smart home tech.
all developed by this beautiful
young genius right here.
Wait. young? Are you young. mom?
Don't you start. you little shit!
What's that?
That's nice!
"Welcome to the neighborhood.
Jiao". Who's Jiao?
Jiao. She lives
in the property over.
She did tell me. though. our tree branches
were hanging into her yard.
so I think we have a complainer.
Well. I'll get her
a thank you note right away.
so she doesn't complain about that.
Kel. would you help us
getting the door for us?
Just gotta put your hand up
to the panel there.
System unarmed.
Cool! SECURITY SYSTEM:
Welcome home. Kelly.
Are you guys seeing this?
Mm-hmm. just go in.
We're home.
I used my engineering know-how
to build a one-of-a-kind.
state-of-the art smart home.
The foundation is all original.
but everything else is new.
Okay. so the app. I developed it
from the ground up. all right?
And. uh. you can work this
on your phone as well.
All right? So. uh...
All right. watch this.
Lights on. Ta-da!
Wow! Yeah.
Watch this.
Windows opaque.
Mm-hmm. You can also start
the dishwasher. the oven.
the laundry. I mean. you can even...
you can even see what's inside the fridge.
Holy crap. Mom! MARY: Right?
Oh. and there's the central air
temperature sliders.
if you're too hot. you're too cold.
you can just make yourself comfortable.
Yeah. but don't touch the thermostat.
Did I say that out loud?
I'm sorry. It's a dad's reflex.
Oh. and there are no cameras
in the bathroom.
as promised.
Mm. that was gonna be my next question.
Kel. you have to see this.
You missed it on the way in.
This is my favorite.
Your mother's a genius.
Thank you.
It goes up from the basement to here.
It goes up. stops right outside your room.
You built an elevator because of my knee?
Honey. no. it's not like that. it...
I... I told you I didn't want
any special treatment!
Kel. we had to build the place
for accessibility.
I'm capable of taking the stairs.
Right. and nobody said otherwise.
No. we're all gonna use it.
And if my office is upstairs
then the clients.
they won't have to traipse
through the whole house.
but come on.
it'’s gonna make things easier.Yeah.
You know. we talked
about the surgery option.
Right? And you know what?
You don't have to use it
if you don't want to.
Can I call it from my phone?
Of course you can.
Okay.
It was a moniker coined
by the media in 2015.
"The Diablo Killer."
The origin of the name?
A single word carved into a tree
near what police believe
was the original crime scene.
a cabin in rural Oregon
containing the remains
of his first victim.
a still unidentified woman.
The corpse.
charred beyond recognition.
with her severed tongue
preserved in a jar.
Exactly like your father!
Diablo!
It took one FBI agent years
to connect the dots.
A leaked profile indicated
that he may have been working
as a laborer in the areas
of each of the killings.
This Diablo Killer has a type
when it comes to these murders.
Always female. always brunette.
similar heights and facial features.
He tends to relocate to a new state
after three victims.
Oh. you fuck!
You were using a stolen ID.
They had you and they didn't even know it.
That's right. it's you and me now.
You know what to do.
Find the key...
Take the fucking key.
Come on. take it.
Exactly like your father!
Pray to get rid of the Devil!
Investigators believe
that he kept the victims alive
for an unknown length of time.
Perhaps most sickening.
forensics concluded
that their tongues were severed
while the young women were still alive.
That's right. you son of a bitch...
Where did you bury them?
Un pequeño diablo...
Diablo!
You speak vile words. Devil!
That's who you are. the son of the Devil.
exactly like your father!
What are you doing?
Yeah. I see you.
Oh. no! You fucking don't!
I'm here at the house of Benita Caccio.
the sister
of one of the victims. Benita.
is there anything you'd like to say
to Diablo if you could?
Someday.
someone will find you...
and they're going to make you pay.
Is this what I think it is?
If you think it's yours. then yes. it is!
Happy birthday. my darling.
Oh. my God!
Like it? KELLY: I love it.
So.
you're a candidate for surgery.
and yeah. it's experimental.
but the specialist is the very best.
I love you guys!
I love you so much.
Exactly like your father!
Eres un diablo.
Diablo!
He was experimenting
with paralytic agents.
but he didn't know which ones to use
or the proper dosage.
As a result. his first victim in Colorado.
Darlene Horan. survived the attack.
Come on. come on.
Move. move!
Fuck!
You didn't let them off that easy.
so neither will I.
A side effect
from the paralytic agent was blindness.
Darlene burned herself on steam pipes
feeling her way
through the corridors on her escape.
She survived long enough
to scribble in a makeshift journal
and say her captor did not speak.
The second victim.
Mickayla Mayer. was found
with her tongue cut out
and her lingual artery.
She was discovered
in an abandoned paper mill
weeks after her disappearance.
burned alive.
Unlike Darlene. there were no clues
that were left behind by Mickayla.
Authorities believe she was murdered there
and left for dead.
The third victim. Ashley Ko.
was found mutilated and also burned alive.
Darlene lived for several weeks
and scribbled in a makeshift journal.
She lived.
And then. she died.
Why won't you speak?
Un diablo!
Exactly like your father!
Diablo!
Why won't you speak?
Fucking speak!
Fry. motherfucker.
Move!
You recognize them. asshole?
You tortured them all
before burning them alive.
I guess you see how this works now.
You paralyzed these women.
Do you know what it's like to be frozen
while someone tortures you?
Exactly like your father!
Mary!
I got your mail
by mistake!
No time to talk.
Please. leave it in the mailbox.
Well. it looks important.
Priority!
Please leave. Jiao.
Mary!
Jiao. you need to leave.
You need to start respecting my privacy.
I... I can't hear you!
Uh. the video is broken.
Uh. come out and talk!
Jiao. you need to leave right now.
This is not okay.
You've been acting very strange.
Workers coming and going?
At all hours?
What are you doing?
I should call the police.
All right. we both know
that the police don't believe you anymore.
All right?
And quit taking my mail!
Don't come back.
Good riddance!
Kelly. what are you doing?
You saw the surgery results.
I don't need them anymore.
Kel. the pool?
But you do need rehab
and to let your body heal.
You can't protect me forever.
Uh. maybe not.
but I'm not gonna stop trying.
Mom. I'm an adult now!
You don't need to watch me like a hawk!
Three years here
and I can'’t even sneak out
like a normal teenager.
Okay. Kel. First of all.
I have never spied on you.
And since when do you want to sneak out?
Maybe we should let her
have her moment of triumph.
Look. I'm fine! See?
Okay. just...
I'm gonna drive up to the park
and walk the trails.
Don't wait up.
She just needs to do this for herself.
Agent Wall.
why did you transfer to New York?
There was an attempted abduction
this year outside of Albany
that fits his MO which led me to believe
he'd relocate to the region.
Now I've worked the Diablo case
for years in California
so I've seen things slip through the crack
when investigations change hands.
and I wanted to stay close to him.
What happened here?
Selena?
Oh. my God!
Let go of me!
No!
Not my child!
Not my...
My baby! My baby!
And finally. can you tell us
why does he remove their tongues?
How do you know it's her?
They found her belongings nearby.
Including a specialized knee brace.
And a partial match for dental records
among the teeth
that were destroyed completely.
But partial?
It's enough to convict.
And enough to convince forensics.
I'm sorry. but we need to be realistic.
What about DNA?
You told us there wasn't a tongue
found at the scene.
But you said there's always a tongue.
We believe he was interrupted
and wasn't able to complete his ritual.
Why would anyone do this?
He tore our Kelly apart.
And he burned her body.
I want you to... to find him.
And make him pay.
Exactly like your father!
Diablo! You did it.
because you are a monster!
I'd like to report a suspicious activity
in my neighborhood.
Is this Jiao?
Yes. it's Jiao.
How did you know?
You've been flagged as a repeat caller.
My number is flagged?
Yes. What does that mean?
9-1-1 is for serious calls.
Yes. I know what 9-1-1 is for!
Ma'am. you need to calm down.
Never mind!
What the fuck?
What the fuck is he doing?
He's stuck?
What the fuck?
Thank you for doing this.
I can share some details.
but it is an ongoing federal case.
See. this is everything
that wasn't classified.
You mentioned in one of your reports
something about a work van.
I hounded the local police
for months about it.
Then I finally proved it.
I appreciate that.
- Believe me.
I care deeply about your case.
Uh. so what is this?
It's from the same cabin.
I kept it 'cause I had a theory
that he's self-educated.
Or was made to learn.
And with my theory about the work vans.
he has journeyman experience.
Construction. plumber.
electrician. carpenter.
I'm sorry.
I really shouldn't be
putting you so close to this.
I'm an engineer. I...
I solve puzzles for a living.
I wanna understand and. uh...
You know. I'd much rather
see him burn alive. but...
my point is...
my point is that. uh. this.
actually. it... it helps.
Burning alive would be a mercy
after all he's done.
But look. Mary.
you still have to address the grief.
I can put you in touch
with other families.
you know. shared trauma can be useful
at a time like this.
Uh. yeah. yeah.
Send that to Robert.
Um. can I keep this?
You Lucas?
And you'’re Kim?
Yeah.
How'd you find me?
I contacted the hospital.
Okay. good.
Just don't tell me why you need it.
and we're good. Kim.
Yeah. Good. Yeah.
I'll... I'll take the lot.
Fuck!
Are you taking down
an elephant or something?
If you need anything else...
Yeah.
Others who have bought this stuff.
Anything but that.
Especially no names.
But I can tell you
that these people use numbers.
Numbers? What kind of numbers?
Listen.
I've seen that look before.
If you're on some kind of a revenge kick.
learn how to take someone down first.
Yeah. well.
12 years of Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
I think I'll...
I'll be fine. thanks.
If I can be of any further assistance...
You got any hacking equipment?
No!
Diablo!
Eres un diablo.
You did it!
Because you are a monster!
Devil!...el hijo del diablo!
You killed your own dog!
Canceled my meeting.
I thought maybe we could take a drive.
Mary? Mary. what have you done?
What have you done?
I'm calling an ambulance...
No! ROBERT: No? What?
No? Mary. what is this shit?
This was in Kelly's toxicology report!
How did you even get this?
I thought...
if I could just build up...
tolerance. just a few times...
Why?
Did you think he was coming for you next?
Mary. this stuff lasts 60 to 80 minutes.
and your watch was at 41
before you could move!
It's been far more than a few.
Let me see your arms.
I've been obsessed
with this case for years
that I let it cloud my judgment.
I can't force you to see anyone...
but you need therapy.
This is my therapy.
Well. find a new outlet.
Pour yourself into another project.
Look...
I have trauma too. Mary.
That top number?
That's someone I see for PTSD.
And look. if it all gets too much...
get away for a while.
You have money! Travel!
Yeah.
I was thinking about
going to the West Coast.
I suggest another continent.
Can I ask you just...
just one more question?
I'm not entertaining any more theories
with you. Mary. Come on!
All right. then give me
the official FBI statement.
Why these states?
Why California.
Colorado. New York?
All states with large forests?
I don't know. Mary!
Maybe he was...
following something or hunting someone.
That's all I can give you.
No. We're missing something.
There were two murders in different states
at the same time. how'd he do that?
Maybe he had an accomplice.
Excuse me.
Agent Wall. may I speak
with you for a second?
Mary. I'll be back with you soon.
What is it. Agent Quiller?
But I can tell you
that these people use numbers.
Especially no names.
Oh. fuck!
Mary! Uh...
Can you come back?
Mary. you've been holed up
down here for almost three days.
You need to get out!
Okay.
Yeah. um...
I thought we agreed
that this is my work space.
I don't go into yours.
you don't come into mine.
Yeah. but I don'’t shut you out of it.
I don't fucking
sleep up there either. MARY: No. hey!
Just leave me.
Jesus. Mary!
What is all this?
What is this?
I am... I'm just trying
to cope right now.
This is how I'm healing.
Mary. we're together in this.
I'm the one who insisted
Kelly take that trail
alone that day.
You think I don't punish myself for that?
Now look.
I'm seeing a trauma therapist
to help me cope.
You can do the same.
Yeah. Yeah. I will do that.
You know. I can tell
when you're bullshitting me.
What did you buy? An RFID chip?
Look. just don't touch my shit. Fire jets?
I don't know what the fuck you're doing.
but I can't support this obsession.
I can't live like this!
Are you gonna stop?
No.
All right.
I'm here to investigate a property.
Our records are in the basement.
but I'’m afraid access
is restricted unless you. um...
Yeah.
Agent Wall.
I'm sure you're familiar
with the Diablo Killer case.
Oh. yes. Right this way.
Oh. Wall. you said?
Were you here with your colleagues
a few years ago?
Good memory.
Oh. nothing much happens
around here. We. uh.
tend to remember big stuff.
Your people took the most recent records
and. uh. well. I don't know what's left.
I have copies of those.
Right. Well. if you. uh.
have any questions...
Oh. thank you.
Oh. yes.
Those are full of... Excuse me. excuse me.
Hold on one sec. Um.
so why...
why did this little area.
why did it keep changing hands
all through the forties?
Oh. there's an old creek bed
that runs along that lot.
It got rerouted
a couple of times and. uh...
dried up and they built
a new spillway up river.
Looks like a surveying dispute.
So there's an additional piece
of land that nobody knows exists
and no one has ever questioned it before?
No. just never came up.
Actually. hey. uh. Sheriff.
let me bring you in on this
while I got an agent here.
Uh. what did you say your name was?
After staying out
of the public eye for months.
Kelly's grieving mother. Mary.
finally broke her silence
with righteous anger.
He took everything from me.
And he will strike again
and again. and again.
The feds aren't doing shit.
You think you're safe?
You're not fucking safe.
We need to get out there.
and we need to find that sick fuck.
That's a cabin back there?
No one saw it?
What?
We have no records of family at all.
We currently have a media release
inviting anyone
with any relevant information
to work with us. so any insights
to relatives alive.
dead. or even grave sites are appreciated.
Kelly had been just accepted
into the University of New York City
and overcame a lifelong disability
with experimental surgery.
She was eager to test out
her repaired knee...
on the trails at her favorite park
until the Diablo Killer resurfaced.
System armed.
Access denied.
Oh. you fuck!
System malfunction.
Door unlocked.
No. no. no. no. no!
Door locked.
Tongue of the devil!
You have the tongue
of the devil. you have.
Monstruo!
Hey!
Hey! Hi. Jiao.
What took you so long?
I called you hours ago!
Something's not right with your wife.
We're separated right now.
but thanks for the concern.
No. no. no.
You don't get to see that.
No!
You fuck!
No! No!
Fuck you!
System armed.
System locked.
She locked me out of the system!
Mary. it's Robert!
Let me in?
I just...
I want to see you're okay.
I'm not leaving until I see you. Mary.
She did the same to me!
Door unlocked.
Jiao. what are you doing here?
Robert. what's going on?
Look. I don't know.
I'm worried about Mary.
She's locked me out.
she won't come to the door.
I just wanna know she's okay.
I thought maybe she'd respond to you.
I know you two have gotten close.
Mary. it's Selena!
Robert called me.
we're both concerned about you.
Mary. answer the door!
System unarmed.
Okay. Robert. wait out here.
Jiao. go home.
FBI! On the ground!
On the ground!
Hands behind your head. now!
Fuck you!
Fuck!
Mary.
She's bleeding out!
Get the med-kit.
Get the med-kit. now!
All right. look at me.
look at me. look at me.
- look at me.
- You're okay. you're okay.
All right. all right.
Come on!
All right. all right. all right.
Come on. babe!
Hurry!
Put your hand here. that's it.
Mary!
Whatever you're about to do.
please. don't do it!
Please!
I can't just turn a blind eye!
Make the call. Make the call!
Agent down. a civilian is shot.
Send backup to the Flint residence!
This is the motherfucker
that killed our daughter!
Remember her?
Her name was Kelly!
Diablo. the nameless man.
I've spent months sifting
through the ashes of your life.
FBI. police. they didn't know
what to look for. but...
I did.
Sarah.
Devil. a monster!
Son of your father!
Exactly like your father. you are.
You killed your own mother.
And maybe this is your father.
Maybe he's Sarah's father too.
You're an inbred fuck.
The one thing I don't understand is...
did your mother resent you?
Tienes la lengua del diablo!
Did she silence you? SARAH: Devil!
Eres un diablo.
You killed your own dog!
Did she call you Diablo?
Diablo!
She punished you.
So you punished her.
The pain wasn't enough. was it?
It never really is.
And it never. ever stops.
I know. I know.
Because that's all you've made me feel...
and that's how I found you.
I found what they missed.
Each of your kills...
is by a family's private cemetery plot...
just like where Sarah is buried.
I searched every public record
for every private family plot
near a forested trail within 100 miles.
I narrowed them down one by one.
I studied your psych profiles.
Huh? See that?
See this?
Go ahead.
Open your fucking mouth.
just like you did to those girls.
Yes...
See this?
My name...
is Mary Flint.
You murdered my daughter.
Kelly Flint.
I will find you...
and I will kill you.
Scream for me. fucker!
Del Diablo!
The son of the devil.
exactly like your father! Devil!
He's dead.
FBI! FBI. Agent Wall!
Agent Wall. what the hell happened?
The Diablo Killer.
He came into the house.
he came after my wife.
He's dead.
It was... it was self-defense.
We have an agent down!
I need medics immediately!
Keep pressure. keep pressure.
keep pressure.
It's okay.
Keep pressure!
Stay with me. stay with me!
She needs medical assistance right here.
Stay with us. stay with us.
you're good. You're all right.
This Diablo Killer
has a type when it comes to these murders.
Always female. always brunette.
similar heights and facial features.
He appears to relocate to
a new state after three victims.
We're hear at the cabin.
which was built on repossessed land.
While there were no official records
of past residents.
some have speculated that the killer lived
inside this abandoned homestead
at some point.
It took one FBI agent years
to connect the dots.
A leaked profile indicated
that he may have been working
as a laborer in the areas
of each of the killings.
In more recent news.
the man once dubbed the Diablo Killer
finally met his match
when the mother
of one of the deceased victims
took matters into her own hands.
However. authorities are baffled
as a series of new murders have emerged.
all with missing tongues.
raising the question.
"Was Diablo working alone
or was there an accomplice?"